EDU-17950 - Nova opção pra escolher versão do Node.js no WebOps (#2607)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/2026-04-20-faststore-webops-choose-your-storefront-build-nodejs-version.md

---
title: "FastStore WebOps: Choose your storefront build Node.js version"
slug: "2026-04-20-faststore-webops-choose-your-storefront-build-nodejs-version"
type: "added"
createdAt: "2026-04-20T12:00:00.000Z"
excerpt: "FastStore WebOps now lets you choose the Node.js version used for storefront builds."
tags:
  - FastStore
  - WebOps
---

> [FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard) now includes the **Node.js version** section. Use it to control which Node.js runtime to use in your FastStore project builds, and ensure compatibility with [**FastStore v4**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-upgrading-faststore-to-v4). This version is based on [Next.js v16](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-16) and requires a more recent Node.js runtime.

Author: ```suggestion
[FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard) now includes the **Node.js version** section. This allows you to specify which Node.js runtime to use in your FastStore project builds, and ensure compatibility with [**FastStore v4**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-upgrading-faststore-to-v4). FastStore v4 is based on [Next.js v16](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-16) and requires a more recent version of Node.js.
```

> [FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard) now includes the **Node.js version** section. This allows you to specify which Node.js runtime to use in your FastStore project builds, and ensure compatibility with [**FastStore v4**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-upgrading-faststore-to-v4). FastStore v4 is based on [Next.js v16](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-16) and requires a more recent version of Node.js.

Author: ```suggestion
[FastStore WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard) now includes the **Node.js version** section. This allows you to specify which Node.js runtime to use in your FastStore project builds, and ensure compatibility with [**FastStore v4**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/getting-started-upgrading-faststore-to-v4), which is based on [Next.js v16](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-16) and requires a more recent Node.js version.
```

> ![node-webops](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@EDU-17950/images/node-webops.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![node-webops](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/node-webops.png)
```

## What has changed?

Previously, WebOps used a predefined Node.js version managed by the platform, and you couldn't explicitly choose which Node.js version your FastStore project should use.

Now, WebOps provides a Node.js version setting at the project level. In this setting:

* New FastStore projects created in WebOps are configured to use [Node.js v24](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v24.0.0) by default.
* Existing projects continue to use their current Node.js version ([v22](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v22.0.0) or [v20](https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v20.0.0)), and you can update them when you're ready.

> * When you update a storefront to FastStore (Next.js 16), you can switch the WebOps project to Node.js v24 directly in the WebOps project settings, avoiding build and runtime incompatibility issues.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> For more details about this feature, see the Settings section in the guide [FastStore WebOps - Dashboard](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details about this feature, see the Settings section in the guide [FastStore WebOps - Dashboard](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/webops-dashboard).
```
